	The day had started out fine. You woke up, put on your best clothes, hitched the horses to the wagon, and headed out
to town. Supplies have been running low so a trip to restock was in order. The trip to town was nice, as the road meandered 
through the forest where sunlight was filtered by the green leaves. Then through the meadows, full of colorful wild flowers.
Finally, the town hove into view and you were navigating your team through the tight streets bordered by buildings that
were two, maybe even three, stories tall. The roads were full of horses, people, and wagons and progress was slow, but you
didn't mind, because you weren't in a hurry.
	As luck would have it, though, a wagon was leaving a spot in front of the shop you were headed for. You angled your 
wagon towards the newly vacant spot, barely noticing a a wagon team coming in the opposite direction. You pulled into the
vacant spot, hopping down from the wagon to tie up the horses.
	You were feeling pretty good about things until you see the driver of the other wagon glaring at you. As an old
woman with a wrinkled face that looked like a dried apple, she had quite a glare to give you.
	"You!" she cried out, pointing a stick-like finger in your direction. "Took my spot, you did! I've been waiting for
it for ages!"
	"Ah," you stammer. "Terribly sorry, but I didn't see you waiting for it. I'm sure there are other places to hitch
up to." You smile weakly at her.
	The old woman stood up and began chanting.
	"Your day will turn to night
	 Your crops will brown from blight
	 Your soul I consign to the depths
	 Into the Dungeon of Dangeresque!"
	She sat down again, picked up the reins, and moved on. Presumably looking for another place to park her wagon.
You watched her go, feeling slightly uneasy. You don't feel very good about her rhyming "depths" with "dangeresque,"
whatever that meant. You turn to walk into the store and step into a puddle.
	You start to curse your luck of having wet shoes before you realize that you never stopped stepping. You fell into
and through the puddle, falling down a black shaft. 
	After an indeterminate time you realize you're no longer falling, but standing in a room. There are no lights, yet
you can see the walls of a chamber. There's also a purse and sword lying on the ground.
	Picking up the purse and looking inside, you figure there's five hundred gold pieces in there. That's not too bad,
you think, for being freshly cursed. You tie it to your belt. You also pick up the sword because momma didn't raise no
fools.
	You head out looking to escape the Dungeon of Dangeresque.

